Feature/add marine biodiversity layer (#270)
Vizzuality/half-earth-v3: docs/layers-update-flow.md

    }
    ```
- Now we are ready to add the layer to the `layerConfig` on `constants/layers-config`. We first need to `import` the layer slug and layers urls to then create the entry for the layer on the config object. 
    ```js
    import {
      FISHES_PRIORITY
    } from 'constants/layers-slugs';

    export const layersConfig = {
      [FISHES_PRIORITY]: {
        title: FISHES_PRIORITY,
        slug: FISHES_PRIORITY,
        type: LAYER_TYPES.TILE_LAYER,
        url: LAYERS_URLS[FISHES_PRIORITY],
        bbox: null
      }
    }
    ```
- Note that there's a `bbox` (bounding box) key on the layer object. This field serves to tell the app that this layer is restricted to a certain area of the globe. By providing a set of coordinates to this `bbox` whenever the layer is added to the map the camera will _travel_ to the specified location. Serve as an example the _hummingbirds rarity_ layer config , restricted to the Americas:
    ```js
    [HUMMINGBIRDS_RARITY]: {
      title: HUMMINGBIRDS_RARITY,
      slug: HUMMINGBIRDS_RARITY,
      type: LAYER_TYPES.TILE_LAYER,
      url: LAYERS_URLS[HUMMINGBIRDS_RARITY],
      bbox: [-164,-40,-35,56]
    }
    ```

> - The last step for a layer to be ready to be usede on the platform is to add the needed configuration to be consumed by the `legend` component. Diferent legend configuration are created depending on the category of the layer (_biodiversity, _human pressures_ or _protected areas_), and those are stored into the associated file in the `constants` folder. In this case, fishes priority layer, the legend config to be updated is located on the `constants/biodiversity-layers-constants` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The last step for a layer to be ready to be used on the platform is to add the needed configuration to be consumed by the `legend` component. Different legend configurations are created depending on the category of the layer (_biodiversity_, _human pressures_ or _protected areas_), and those are stored into the associated file in the `constants` folder. In this case, fishes priority layer, the legend config to be updated is located on the `constants/biodiversity-layers-constants` file.
```

    ```js
    import {
      FISHES_PRIORITY
    } from 'constants/layers-slugs';

    export const legendConfigs = {
      [FISHES_PRIORITY]: {
        ...defaultGradientConfig,
        title: "Fishes priority"
      }
    }

>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```
- Once the layer is ready to be used by the platform some changes in the UI are needed. Change the size of the sidebar card in `src/components/biodiversity-sidebar-card/biodiversity-sidebar-card-styles.module.scss` so the new element is visible. To have the opening effect the size of the side bar is provided manually.  
```
